[rocprof-compute] roofline fix for gfx942/gfx950 (#6339)
ROCm/rocm-systems: projects/rocprofiler-compute/CHANGELOG.md

### Resolved issues

> * Fixed roofline panel using wrong cache line size (64B instead of 128B) for L1/L2 bandwidth and arithmetic intensity on gfx942 and gfx950. Previously reported half the actual cache bandwidth and doubled AI values.

Reviewer: Nit (tone): entries in this section read better when framed around the current behavior rather than what was wrong before. Same impact info, just rephrased so users can recalibrate old reports without leading with broken framing.

````suggestion
* Roofline panel L1/L2 bandwidth and arithmetic intensity on gfx942 and gfx950 now use the correct 128B cache line, matching the values reported in the Speed-of-Light and vL1D/L2 cache panels for the same run. Bandwidth values on these architectures are 2x and AI values are 0.5x compared to prior releases.
````
